### Initial Code:
- my initial code began with a general design of the UI interface. Because I was using a text based system, it was generally easy, and I had no issue utilising IF/ELSE statements to achieve this. If I were to improve my UI, I would use seperate files to make it even more intuitive, and potentially experiment with GUIs to create a physical UX system that would also still be easy to use.
- I used IF/ElSE statements a lot in this part, but I also made sure to account for any issues on the User's side. This meant making sure that all input from the users had a foolproof method of detecting errors and sending them back to the homepage.
- At this stage, I was ready to start creating functions that could then by implemented into my framework, although I was not able to completely stick with this idea due to issues with variables not being able to be recognised. I am currently not aware of any solutions to this, and am unable to find any resources to help;
- With my coding, the main issue I had was finding all possible mistakes that could occur on the user's side. One that was particularly difficult to manage involved giving the user an error if a number was NOT inputted. This was difficult as I did not know how to create a statement that sent the user back for using other data types.

### Phase 2:
- Once I had completed my inital framework that dictated the main UI, I was able to start creating funtions to replace the placeholders I had kept for them. First, I made a pandas dataframe. This was not difficult as I had experience with making dataframes. However, I did need some reminders involving the groupby() function and the sort_values() function. Both of which were vital to my project.
- I utilised mostly functions in this part of the coding, with no issues regarding the coding aspect, other than remembering the Syntax and using the code as efficiently as possible.
- I then started work on my matplotlib, which was were I realised that I needed much more work. With research I gathered online, I was able to create a basic scatter plot, which in addition to being the easiest graph type, was also the most suitable for my project as I needed to show the curve upwards as density and patronage met. However, in the pursuit of creating more options for the user, I then later decided to experiment with other graph types, eventually deciding on the bar graph, which also showed a relatively clear picture regarding density and train patronage.
- Finally, I then realised that up until then, it was not actually possible for the user to view the full dataset. This made me realise that I had to add that option as well. This was easy as the data cleaning code was already made.

### Phase 3:
- After completing all the basic code, I debugged for around an hour, and made sure that the entire UI was completely fool-proof. I also cleaned it up, adding spaces and new lines near inputs to make the program more visually appealing. The final step was to organise my code in a readable manner, which also involved creating as many comments as possible to demonstrate a full understanding of the task and my code.
